Docker Captain is a distinction that Docker awards select members of the community that are both experts in their field and are passionate about sharing their Docker knowledge with others. Captains are Docker ambassadors (not Docker employees) and their genuine love of all things Docker has a huge impact on the Docker community – whether they are blogging, writing books, speaking, running workshops, creating tutorials and classes, offering support in forums, or organizing and contributing to local events – they make Docker’s mission of democratizing technology possible. Whether you are new to Docker or have been a part of the community for a while, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Docker Captains with your challenges, questions, speaking requests and more.
Individuals are awarded the distinction of Docker Captain because of their technical expertise and their exemplary contributions to and outstanding engagement with the Docker community. Captains must remain active stewards in the Docker community in order to continue in the program. Benefits of being a Docker Captain include early access to Docker products, updates and announcements; direct support from Docker technical and marketing staff; exclusive Captains events, and more. 
While Docker does not accept applications for the Captains program, we are always on the lookout to add additional leaders that inspire and educate the Docker community. If you are interested in becoming a Docker Captain, we need to know how you are giving back. Sign up for community.docker.com, share your activities on social media with the #Docker, get involved in a local meetup as a speaker or organizer and continue to share your knowledge of Docker in your community.


